adaptive_rms_box                        True
adaptive_thresh                         None
advanced_opts                           False
aperture                                None
aperture_posn                           'centroid'
atrous_bdsm_do                          True
atrous_do                               True
atrous_jmax                             0
atrous_lpf                              'b3'
atrous_orig_isl                         False
atrous_sum                              True
bbs_patches                             None
bbs_patches_mask                        None
beam                                    (0.015, 0.015, 0.0)
beam_sp_derive                          False
beam_spectrum                           None
    Value used                          [(0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0), (0.015, 0.015, 0.0)]
blank_limit                             None
bmpersrc_th                             None
    Value used                          16.834597875569045
broadcast                               False
catalog_type                            'gaul'
ch0_flagged                             False
ch0_image                               True
ch0_islands                             True
check_outsideuniv                       False
clobber                                 False
collapse_av                             []
collapse_ch0                            0
collapse_file                           'None'
collapse_mode                           'average'
collapse_wt                             'unity'
correct_proj                            True
debug                                   False
detection_image                         ''
do_cache                                False
do_mc_errors                            False
fdr_alpha                               0.05
fdr_ratio                               0.1
filename                                'tbdsf_process_image.in_fits'
fittedimage_clip                        0.1
fix_to_beam                             False
flag_bordersize                         0
flag_maxsize_bm                         25.0
flag_maxsize_fwhm                       0.5
flag_maxsize_isl                        1.0
flag_maxsnr                             1.5
flag_minsize_bm                         0.7
flag_minsnr                             0.6
flag_smallsrc                           False
flagchan_list                           []
flagchan_rms                            True
flagchan_snr                            True
flagging_opts                           False
force_output                            False
format                                  'bbs'
frequency                               None
    Value used                          23.5
frequency_sp                            None
gmodel_image                            True
gresid_image                            True
group_by_isl                            False
group_method                            'intensity'
group_tol                               1.0
img_format                              'fits'
img_type                                'gaus_resid'
incl_chan                               False
incl_empty                              False
indir                                   None
    Value used                          './'
ini_gausfit                             'default'
ini_method                              'intensity'
interactive                             False
kappa_clip                              3.0
mask_dilation                           0
maxpix_isl                              None
    Value used                          inf
mean_image                              True
mean_map                                'default'
minpix_isl                              None
    Value used                          6
multichan_opts                          False
ncores                                  2
opdir_overwrite                         'overwrite'
outdir                                  None
    Value used                          '/home/runner/work/PyBDSF/PyBDSF/test'
outfile                                 None
output_all                              True
output_opts                             False
pad_image                               False
peak_fit                                True
peak_maxsize                            30.0
pi_fit                                  True
pi_image                                False
pi_thresh_isl                           None
pi_thresh_pix                           None
plot_allgaus                            False
plot_islands                            False
polarisation_do                         True
print_timing                            False
psf_fwhm                                None
psf_gencode                             'list'
psf_generators                          'calibrators'
psf_high_snr                            None
psf_itess_method                        0
psf_kappa2                              2.0
psf_major                               False
psf_minor                               False
psf_nsig                                3.0
psf_over                                2
psf_pa                                  False
psf_primarygen                          ''
psf_smooth                              None
psf_snrbot                              0.2
psf_snrcut                              10.0
psf_snrcutstack                         15.0
psf_snrtop                              1.0
psf_stype_only                          True
psf_tess_fuzzy                          0.05
psf_tess_sc                             's'
psf_use_shap                            False
psf_vary_do                             True
quiet                                   False
rm_do                                   False
rms_box                                 None
    Value used                          (41, 13)
rms_box_bright                          None
    Value used                          (12, 4)
rms_image                               True
rms_map                                 None
rms_value                               None
rmsmean_map_filename                    []
rmsmean_map_filename_det                []
savefits_det_meanim                     False
savefits_det_rmsim                      False
savefits_meanim                         False
savefits_modelim                        False
savefits_normim                         False
savefits_rankim                         False
savefits_residim                        False
savefits_rmsim                          False
shapelet_basis                          'cartesian'
shapelet_do                             True
shapelet_fitmode                        'fit'
shapelet_gresid                         False
smodel_image                            False
solnname                                None
source_seds                             False
specind_maxchan                         0
specind_snr                             3.0
spectralindex_do                        True
spline_rank                             3
split_isl                               True
splitisl_frac_bigisl3                   0.8
splitisl_maxsize                        50.0
splitisl_size_extra5                    0.1
src_ra_dec                              None
src_radius_pix                          None
srcroot                                 None
sresid_image                            False
stop_at                                 None
thresh                                  None
    Value used                          'hard'
thresh_isl                              3.0
thresh_pix                              5.0
trim_box                                None
use_scipy_fft                           True
verbose_fitting                         False
